WHAT WE HAVE LEARNT:-

    We have learnt about CSS.CSS is nothing but,giving styles,decorations,to HTML elements.This is called CSS.CSS= Cascading Style Sheets.
    we have also learnt that with the help of CSS we can give styles and decorations to all the types of HTML elements ike paragraph button elements etc......

    first, we have learnt that how to give style to button element so for that we have to follow some rules and requlations for the code which we are typinhg on code editor , ther eis some code to follow that is :-
  STEP-1= make a HTML element 
  STEP-2= then go up n make a open tag and close tag of writing style in it then whatever the element we are styling write that elements name then flower brackets after that give your element a stye by writing (Background-color,colorand color means here is text color,border,border-radius) etc... and here we have first learnt how to give style to button element so for this also same method. but if want to give styles to different types of buttons and all if we do the same method we will see that the style what we gave to the first button the below buttons will too get the same style.
  But,we dont waant this so for this also we have a new property which we have learnt that is "class property".with the help of this property we can make different buttons with their and our's style this the use of this property. for this too same first write HTML then inthe open tag write class then = symbol then cotations then write anything you can write better write that button name and after writing that write b in capital form then utton i mean button spelling. after that also write some text then closing tag. then same like the above one how we did but here after writing style we have write class name i mean whatever after the = sybol is called as class name and before = class property. before writing class name first put a point(.) then write the class name then flower brackets then same procedure.now we will see that our butons are designed nicely with their own styles. and we have also learnt a new tag named as "break tag" which helps to break the uttons to the next time means bringing the another button to the next line.nothing like a very big code just write open and close tag by writing b in it .  and did some exercises and chalenges